Second phase of rocWMMA docs refresh (#567)
ROCm/rocWMMA: docs/api-reference/api-reference-guide.rst

* Input Type = Matrix A / B
* Output Type = Matrix C / D
* Compute Type = Math / Accumulation type

Supported data types:

* i8: 8-bit precision integer
* f8: 8-bit precision floating point
* bf8: 8-bit precision brain floating point
* f16: half-precision floating point
* bf16: half-precision brain floating point
* f32: single-precision floating point
* i32: 32-bit precision integer
* xf32: single-precision tensor floating point
* f64: double-precision floating point

.. note::
    f16 includes support for both _Float16 and __half types.

>     f8 is supported in the NANOO (optimized) format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    f8 NANOO (optimized) format is only supported on gfx942, otherwise f8 OCP is assumed on targets that support f8 datatypes.
```

+------------------------------+------------+-----------+---------------+----------------------------+--------------------+

.. note::

>     \* BlockK range specifies the minimum valid value. Other values in the range are powers of 2 greater than the minimum. In practice, BlockK values are typically 32 or less.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    BlockM/N values are minimum recommended values. Below these values padding is used which may impact performance. Above this value powers of 2 are acceptable.
    
    \* BlockK range specifies the minimum recommended value. Below this value padding is used which may impact performance. Above this value powers of 2 are acceptable. In practice, BlockK values are typically 32 or less.
```
